Documentation program (#806)
SigNoz/signoz.io: docs/userguide/logs_troubleshooting.md

---
id: logs_troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
description: Instructions that should resolve most issues with logs
---
This troubleshooting guide includes step-by-step instructions that should resolve most issues with logs.

## K8s attribute filtering issue in logs.

> In the recent release some users who are using SigNoz charts(0.9.1 - 0.10.1) are facing issues querying the following selected fields.
> 
> - k8s_container_name
> - k8s_namespace_name
> - k8s_pod_name
> - k8s_container_restart_count
> - k8s_pod_uid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the SigNoz charts releases `v0.9.1`, `v0.10.0` and `0.10.1`, some users who are facing
issues querying the following selected fields.

- `k8s_container_name`
- `k8s_namespace_name`
- `k8s_pod_name`
- `k8s_container_restart_count`
- `k8s_pod_uid`
```

> If you have converted any of the above fields to `selected` fields, and you notice that when you filter using the above fields it results in empty data then you will have to perform the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have included any of the above to `selected` fields, and you get empty data
when you filter using those fields then you will have to perform the following steps.
```

> - Exec into your clickhouse container

Reviewer: kubectl command to exec into clickhouse container

```bash
kubectl exec -n platform -it chi-my-release-clickhouse-cluster-0-0-0 -- sh
```

- Run the following queries
    
    ```yaml
    use signoz_logs;
    
    show create table logs;

>     ```

Reviewer: verify that indentation in build is correct

> - For the corresponding field, you will find a materialized column and an index. Ex:- For `k8s_namespace_name` you will have `k8s_namespace_name String MATERIALIZED attributes_string_value[indexOf(attributes_string_key, 'k8s_namespace_name')] CODEC(LZ4)`     and index `INDEX k8s_namespace_name_idx k8s_namespace_name TYPE bloom_filter(0.01) GRANULARITY 64`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the corresponding field, you will find a materialized column and an index.
For example: `k8s_namespace_name` you will have `k8s_namespace_name String
MATERIALIZED attributes_string_value[indexOf(attributes_string_key,
'k8s_namespace_name')] CODEC(LZ4)` and index `INDEX k8s_namespace_name_idx
k8s_namespace_name TYPE bloom_filter(0.01) GRANULARITY 64`
```
